Fill out docs (#628)
rafaqz/DimensionalData.jl: docs/src/selectors.md

# Selectors and LookupArrays

> http://localhost:5173/DimensionalData.jl/reference#lookuparrays

Reviewer: Is this going to work with a localhost link? Or should this be replaced by a proper link once the docs are updated?

| [`Where(f)`](@ref)      | filter the array axis by a function of the dimension index values.           | `Vector{Bool}`    |
| [`Not(x)`]              | get all indices _not_ selected by `x`, which can be another selector.        | `Vector{Bool}`    |
| [`a .. b`]              | get all indices between two values, inclusively.                             | `UnitRange`       |
| [`OpenInterval(a, b)`]  | get all indices between `a` and `b`, exclusively.                            | `UnitRange`       |
| [`Interval{A,B}(a, b)`] | get all indices between `a` and `b`, as `:closed` or `:open`.                | `UnitRange`       |
| [`Touches(a, b)`]       | like `..` but includes all cells touched by the interval, not just inside it | `UnitRange`       |

Note: `At`, `Near` and `Contains` can wrap either single values or an
`AbstractArray` of values, to select one index with an `Int` or multiple 
indices with a `Vector{Int}`.

Selectors find indices in the `LookupArray`, for each dimension. 
LookupArrays wrap other `AbstractArray` (often `AbstractRange`) but add

> aditional traits to facilitate fast lookups or specifing point or interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional traits to facilitate fast lookups or specifying point or interval
```

behviour.

> Some common `LookupArray` that are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some common `LookupArray` types are:
```
